README.asciidoc, before:

out-of-the-box
==============

https://github.com/mawww/kakoune[Kakoune] is a code editor that aims at
providing an editing language (aka "keys") as well as means for users to
configure the functionalities they expect from the tool (saving buffers on
exit, custom commands/mappings etc).

However, Kakoune is not an Integrated Development Environment (IDE), and
therefore doesn't provide with certain features that a regular user would
expect to be there out of the box. These features, such as readline-type
bindings in insert mode or line indentation with the tabulation key, are
easily implemented using basic primitives (e.g. hooks, mapping, commands).

New users might not have the inclination or the knowledge to implement what
they expect from the editor, and this repository is here to fix that.

How to use
----------

Clone the repository, load it from your Kakoune configuration, and you're
done!

```
$ git clone https://github.com/lenormf/out-of-the-box.git
$ echo 'source /path/to/out-of-the-box/oob.kak' >> ~/.config/kak/kakrc
```

How to contribute
-----------------

Create an issue describing the feature you'd like to have available out of
the box. The requirements for the features are:

* no external dependency to third party tools that are not reasonably
  expected to be installed on a generic desktop system
* no external dependency to a third party plugin
* the code should ideally be short, kept within a single mapping/command
* comments should be written that explain what snippets do

Pull requests are also welcome!

Commit message:

readme: Document a quick overview command

README.asciidoc, after:

out-of-the-box
==============

https://github.com/mawww/kakoune[Kakoune] is a code editor that aims at
providing an editing language (aka "keys") as well as means for users to
configure the functionalities they expect from the tool (saving buffers on
exit, custom commands/mappings etc).

However, Kakoune is not an Integrated Development Environment (IDE), and
therefore doesn't provide with certain features that a regular user would
expect to be there out of the box. These features, such as readline-type
bindings in insert mode or line indentation with the tabulation key, are
easily implemented using basic primitives (e.g. hooks, mapping, commands).

New users might not have the inclination or the knowledge to implement what
they expect from the editor, and this repository is here to fix that.

Overview of the features
------------------------

You can have an overview of the features enabled by this plugin with the
following command:

```
$ grep '^#' oob.kak
```

How to use
----------

Clone the repository, load it from your Kakoune configuration, and you're
done!

```
$ git clone https://github.com/lenormf/out-of-the-box.git
$ echo 'source /path/to/out-of-the-box/oob.kak' >> ~/.config/kak/kakrc
```

How to contribute
-----------------

Create an issue describing the feature you'd like to have available out of
the box. The requirements for the features are:

* no external dependency to third party tools that are not reasonably
  expected to be installed on a generic desktop system
* no external dependency to a third party plugin
* the code should ideally be short, kept within a single mapping/command
* comments should be written that explain what snippets do

Pull requests are also welcome!
